Add mission about Southbound ship designer. (#4446)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/transport missions.txt

				decline
	on complete
		dialog "There is no inheritance for Mr. Pappa waiting for you at the bank, but there are many other victims that paid some credits while expecting to earn a larger amount of credits in return. Some make a big fuss about it, until the alerted authorities start fining them for attempted inheritance fraud. You leave the bank in silence."

mission "Hauler VI cargo prototype 1"
	name "Escort Hauler prototype to formal dinner"
	description "Escort the Testament to <destination> to deliver sushi for a formal dinner."

> 	source "Deep"

Reviewer: I suggest using `near "Hadar" 5 6` (minimum of 5 jumps from and to Hadar/Skymoot including the given system, maximum of 6 jumps) instead of limiting it to Kornephoros/Deep.

	destination "Skymoot"
	npc accompany
		government "Merchant"
		personality escort timid
		ship "Hauler III" "SB-Labs Testament"
	on offer
		conversation
			`A lady in a formal business suit walks gracefully over to you.`
			`	"Captain <last>, Captain <last>! It is so nice to meet you here!"`
			choice
				`	"Hello, nice to meet you too."`
				`	"Sorry, I don't have time to talk. I'm really busy."`
					defer

> 			`She says, "My name is Vanessa Oxygenpocket and I'm part of a team that's designing the new Hauler VI transport ship series here at Southbound Shipyards."`

Author: Changed `part of` to `leading`

> 			`She says, "My name is Vanessa Oxygenpocket and I'm the lead for a team that's designing the new Hauler VI transport ship series here at Southbound Shipyards."`

Reviewer: Maybe add a comma after "Oxygenpocket"?

			choice
				`	"Am I also invited for the dinner?"`
				`	"Why do you need me to escort the ship?`
					goto internal
			label "invited"
			`	"I'm sorry, but you are not invited. This dinner is only for Southbound Shipyards top-level management and representatives of the <destination> government."`
			label "internal"
			`	"Normally we'd look internally to satisfy any escort needs, that's true. But we've discovered a mole in our organization and there's very strong competition from Syndicated Shipyards. Going externally is safer in this case, and you came recommended when we searched through the list of captains available on short notice. You will be paid well for your time. Will you help us?"`
			choice
				`	"Sure, I'll help you."`
					accept
				`	"Sorry, I don't have time to help you."`
					decline
	on visit
		dialog `You land on <destination>, but the Testament hasn't caught up with you yet. Better take off and wait for it to appear in this system.`
	on complete
		dialog
			`You wait for the Testament to land, but it remains in orbit.`
			`There is no response to your hails. You need to take off and investigate.`

mission "Hauler VI cargo prototype 2"

> 	name "Escort Hauler prototype to a streetfood festival."

Reviewer: AFAIK, there is no period at the end of a common mission display name. Maybe remove it for consistency

				decline
	on complete
		dialog "There is no inheritance for Mr. Pappa waiting for you at the bank, but there are many other victims that paid some credits while expecting to earn a larger amount of credits in return. Some make a big fuss about it, until the alerted authorities start fining them for attempted inheritance fraud. You leave the bank in silence."

mission "Hauler VI cargo prototype 1"
	name "Escort Hauler prototype to formal dinner"
	description "Escort the Testament to <destination> to deliver sushi for a formal dinner."
	source

> 		planet "Deep"

Author: Yes, but there is a planet called "Deep" and a region of space called "the Deep". To avoid confusion I prefer to keep the planet keyword here.

> 		planet "Deep"

Reviewer 2: `source <name>` always refers to a planet though, whereas if the source was in the Deep region, you'd have 
```
source 
	attributes "deep"
```
which is already clearly distinct from `source "Deep"`.

> 		planet "Deep"

Author: I know how this technically works, but I wasn't talking about a computer-parser, I was talking about humans reading this code later.

This PR actually used to have the text exactly as you suggested, but when I was reading this text back on January 1st 2020, then I actually did get confused myself (I don't write missions that often) and then I intentionally changed it to this format in 0ead77e0a61984e26968f9e3f957aec678516ba4 to make it more explicit to human readers (including myself) that "Deep" here refers to a planet, not to a region.

	destination "Skymoot"
	npc accompany
		government "Merchant"
		personality escort timid
		ship "Hauler III" "SB-Labs Testament"
	on offer
		conversation
			`A lady in a formal business suit walks gracefully over to you.`

> 			`	"Captain <last>, Captain <last>! It is so nice to meet you here!"`

Author: Changed to single paragraph.

The original text did have an explanation on why the lady knew the captains name, but it was removed earlier in 43593b255d7ccbe6033317a3449d8703ca847daf as part of the review process. It also explains a little bit on how the player got her attention (which was more by accident).

> 			`	"Captain <last>, Captain <last>! It is so nice to meet you here!"`

Author: I think the "captain is famous because of combat rating" thing is getting a bit over-used in the game. 

@Amazinite Can you have a look at the explanation I had put in 43593b255d7ccbe6033317a3449d8703ca847daf and do a suggestion if that can be used here?

> 			`	"Captain <last>, Captain <last>! It is so nice to meet you here!"`

Reviewer 2: I'd say that that is actually a fine explanation to have. It's basically just being honest in saying "Yeah, I'm just buttering you up."

> 			`	"Captain <last>, Captain <last>! It is so nice to meet you here!"`

Author: I re-added it (without the honor part which I think Pointedstick considered unfitting).

			choice
				`	"Hello, nice to meet you too."`
				`	"Sorry, I don't have time to talk. I'm really busy."`
					defer

> 			`She says, "My name is Vanessa Oxygenpocket, and I'm the lead for a team that's designing the new Hauler VI transport ship series here at Southbound Shipyards."`

Author: Agreed, remove the word "here".

			`	"Oxygenpockets were as much a feature on my home-planet as mountains and woodlands are on more habitable planets."`
			label "help request"
			`	Vanessa pauses for a moment and then continues, "We're testing the VI's cargo refrigeration system using the Testament, a modified Hauler III. This system is one of our biggest achievements. To show how well it works, we plan to throw a formal dinner on <destination> with fresh sushi transported from here. I'm sure everyone at the dinner will be amazed by how well the food has been preserved despite the travel time. I'd like you to escort the ship and its cargo to <destination>."`
			choice
				`	"Isn't it a bit risky to transport food using a refrigeration system that hasn't been tested yet?"`
				`	"Am I also invited for the dinner?"`
					goto invited
				`	"Why do you need me to escort the ship?"`
					goto internal
				`	"Sure, I'll help you."`
					accept
			`	"Risky, why? I don't see what can go wrong. The system is quite well designed. I'm so proud of my team."`
			choice
				`	"Am I also invited for the dinner?"`
				`	"Why do you need me to escort the ship?`
					goto internal
			label "invited"

> 			`	"I'm sorry, but you are not invited. This dinner is only for Southbound Shipyards top-level management and representatives of the <destination> government."`

Reviewer 2: This could also use the `<planet>` replacement since the destination system was already mention previously.

Author: Agreed, changed to `<planet>`.

			label "internal"

> 			`	"Normally we'd look internally to satisfy any escort needs, that's true. But we've discovered a mole in our organization and there's very strong competition from Syndicated Shipyards. Going externally is safer in this case, and you came recommended when we searched through the list of captains available on short notice. You will be paid well for your time. Will you help us?"`

Reviewer 2: If you've discovered the mole already then is it still an issue? Perhaps say something along the lines of "we suspect there is a mole from Syndicated..."

			choice
				`	"Sure, I'll help you."`
					accept
				`	"Sorry, I don't have time to help you."`
					decline
	on visit
		dialog `You land on <destination>, but the Testament hasn't caught up with you yet. Better take off and wait for it to appear in this system.`
	on complete
		dialog
			`You wait for the Testament to land, but it remains in orbit.`

> 			`There is no response to your hails. You need to take off and investigate.`

Author: Changed to single paragraph

mission "Hauler VI cargo prototype 2"

> 	name "Escort Hauler prototype to a streetfood festival"

Reviewer 2: This mission name is too long. It goes off the screen. Perhaps shorten it to "Escort Vanessa..." or "Escort the Testament" or "Escort prototype", or instead of "ta a streetfood festival" you say "to `<planet>`".

	description "Escort the Testament to <destination> to deliver cooked fish dishes to a streetfood festival."
	source "Skymoot"
	destination "Zug"
	landing
	to offer
		has "Hauler VI cargo prototype 1: done"	
	npc accompany
		government "Merchant"
		personality escort timid
		ship "Hauler III" "SB-Labs Testament"
	on enter
		dialog

> 			`As soon as you take off, you receive an angry voice message from Vanessa over a short-range inter-ship communications channel: "Why were you trying to contact me? Does everyone need to know that we're here?"`

Reviewer 2: So this line makes sound like the player didn't even contact Vanessa, have only just launched, so perhaps say something like "You take off and try to contact Vanessa, but receive..."

The description "a short-range inter-ship communications channel" isn't used anywhere else, so perhaps just drop this part entirely (receive an angry voice message from Vanessa: "Why...").
The game also doesn't tend to distinguish between voice and text or video messages, so perhaps just say "an angry message."

			`She adds, "The cooling failed and the sushi nearly cooked. Let's go to the Southbound Shipyards on <destination> instead, then we can save face by claiming that we were in time for the dinner, but on the wrong planet due to some miscommunication. We might even be able to hide all evidence of the overheating by giving away the sushi as fish dishes on a streetfood festival."`
	on visit
		dialog `You land on <destination>, but the Testament didn't catch up with you yet.`
	on complete
		dialog
			`This time the Testament appears to be landing right behind you, but the ship flies away at full thrust just before touching the landing pad.`

> 			`You receive a text message over the short-range inter-ship communication channel: "The Sushi completely burned. We cannot be seen near the festival or near the shipyard with this burned sushi!"`

Author: Yes, changed to single paragraph.

> 			`Our new destination is the waste processing plant at Longjump."`

Author: Yes, but this is the on-complete text in mission 2, while Longjump is the destination of mission 3 in the chain. So there is no suitable text-replacement here.

> 			`Our new destination is the waste processing plant at Longjump."`

Reviewer 2: Ah, true.

				decline
	on complete
		dialog "There is no inheritance for Mr. Pappa waiting for you at the bank, but there are many other victims that paid some credits while expecting to earn a larger amount of credits in return. Some make a big fuss about it, until the alerted authorities start fining them for attempted inheritance fraud. You leave the bank in silence."

mission "Hauler VI cargo prototype 1"
	name "Escort Hauler prototype to formal dinner"

> 	description "Escort the Hauler prototype to <destination> to deliver sushi to a formal dinner."

Reviewer 3: `to` used three times in rapid succession. `for a formal dinner` maybe?

Author: Will use `for`.

	source
		neighbor planet "Skymoot"
		not planet "Skymoot"
	destination "Skymoot"
	npc accompany
		government "Merchant"
		personality escort timid
		ship "Hauler III" "SB-Labs Testament"
	on offer
		conversation

> 			`An elegant-looking lady approaches you.`

Reviewer 3: Don't say "elegant-looking"; describe what makes her look elegant. Is it her clothes, physique, hair, expression, or body language? A combination of them? Something else?

Author: I just described the clothes and the way of walking. If you have more suggestions to express elegance then please feel free to suggest them here.

			`	"Captain <last>, Captain <last>! It is such an honor to meet you!"`
			choice
				`	"Wow, that's quite a greeting. Why is it an honor to meet me?"`
				`	"Hello, nice to meet you too."`
					goto "hello too"
				`	"Sorry, I don't have time to talk. I'm really busy."`
					defer

> 			`	She smiles and replies, "Well, I actually don't know you, but I just read your name on one of the cargo manifests. And my experience is that this greeting works best if you need something from a spaceship captain."`

Reviewer 3: `And my experience is that this greeting works best if you need something from a spaceship captain.` That's not something a person described as "elegant-looking" would say. They would think this, but not verbalize it. The kind of person who would blurt this out would be very socially awkward or on the autism spectrum or something.

Author: The goal of this piece of conversation was to create some contradiction, the initial greeting suggest that it is such a great honor to meet the player, but if the player fishes for details, then the player finds out that he/she is not really that special.

But apparently the text is not working as well as I hoped. I removed this part of the conversation completely.

Author: Removed this text completely.

			label "hello too"

> 			`She says, "My name is Vanessa Oxygenpocket and I am part of a team that is designing the new Hauler VI transport ship series here at Southbound Shipyards."`

Reviewer 3: `I am part of a team that is` lack of contractions makes people sound like Borg drones

Author: Changing to `I'm` and `that's`

			choice
				`	"'Oxygenpocket' is an uncommon name."`
				`	"And what help do you need from me?"`
					goto "help request"

> 			`	Vanessa looks surprised and then responds, "Well, it might sound uncommon to people from a planet with a breathable atmosphere, but it is actually similar to Vanderberg, which means 'from the mountain', or Langley, which means 'woodland'.`

Reviewer 3: This is a very detailed response to have ready, which makes me think that she's not actually surprised at all and gets this a lot. In which case, don't tell us that she looks surprised.

Author: Removed the looks surprised part.

			`	"Oxygenpockets were as much a feature on my home-planet as mountains and woodlands are on more habitable planets."`
			label "help request"

> 			`	Vanessa pauses for a moment and then continues, "We're testing the VI's cargo systems using a Hauler III. Normally our own department would escort such prototypes, but there is a mole in our organization and we have very strong competition from Syndicated Shipyards. I need you to help us travel to <destination> to deliver sushi for a formal dinner. You will be paid for your expenses. Will you help us?"`

Reviewer 3: `I need you to help us travel to <destination> to deliver sushi for a formal dinner.` the sushi and formal dinner bits are not explained and come waaaaaay out of left field. Maybe she is autistic! In which case, she's probably not very elegant-looking. :)

Author: I'll add a bit more text on why the sushi is transported in a prototype.

			choice
				`	"Sure, I'll help you."`
					accept
				`	"Sorry, I don't have time to help you."`

> 					decline

Reviewer 3: No conversation option asking about the bizarre request regarding sushi and formal dinners?

Author: I'll add some text.

	on visit

> 		dialog `You land on <destination>, but the Hauler prototype didn't catch up with you yet.`

Reviewer 3: Maybe use the ship's name instead of calling it `the Hauler prototype`

Author: Will change to ships name.

	on complete
		dialog

> 			`You are waiting for the Hauler prototype to land, but it remains in orbit.`

Reviewer 3: Ditto

> 			`There is no response to your hails by radio. You need to take off and investigate.`

Reviewer 3: `by radio` is either redundant or incorrect (do we still use radios for ship-to-ship communication in the 31st century?). I would just remove it.

Author: Removing `by radio`.

mission "Hauler VI cargo prototype 2"
	name "Escort Hauler prototype to student party"
	description "Escort the Hauler prototype to <destination> to deliver cooked fish dishes to a streetfood festival."
	source "Skymoot"
	destination "Zug"
	landing
	to offer
		has "Hauler VI cargo prototype 1: done"	
	npc accompany
		government "Merchant"
		personality escort timid
		ship "Hauler III" "SB-Labs Testament"
	on enter
		dialog

> 			`As soon as you take off you receive an angry voice message over a short-range inter-ship communications channel, "Why were you trying to contact me over radio! Does everyone need to know that we are flying around here?"`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`As soon as you take off you receive an angry voice message over a short-range inter-ship communications channel: "Why were you trying to contact me over radio? Does everyone need to know that we are flying around here?"`
```

Also, again with the radio.

Finally `that we are flying around here?` sounds awkward to me. Maybe `about this ship?`

Author: I removed `flying around`.

> 			`She adds, "The cooling failed and the sushi nearly cooked, let's go to <destination> to deliver it as fish dishes to a streetfood festival."`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`She adds, "The cooling failed and the sushi nearly cooked. Let's go to <destination> to deliver it as fish dishes to a streetfood festival."`
```

What was the point of the mission again? Was is to be an escort? Or was it to deliver the cargo? Because if it's the former, then the food doesn't matter, and if it's the latter, then they just failed and nonchalantly switching destinations is very odd.

This whole thing with delivering food just feels very strange to me overall.

Author: The point of the mission for Vanessa is that she wants to show off how well the new cargo refrigeration systems for the Hauler VI are working (by transporting food for an important dinner and thereby showing at the dinner how well the food is preserved during transport).

Vanessas showing off failed, since the cooled products end up being completely burned.

The mission for the player was to just escort the ship, the escorting part succeeds, since the player just accompanies the ship to it's last destination.

Reviewer 3: All of that would be great to communicate in the mission itself so players don't need to ask you. ;-)

Author: Yes, having the story clear in mind and having the story properly written down are two different things. :-) Thanks for pointing out the gaps.

	on visit
		dialog `You land on <destination>, but the Hauler prototype didn't catch up with you yet.`
	on complete
		dialog
			`This time the Hauler prototype appears to be landing right behind you, but the ship flies away at full thrust just before touching the landing pad.`

> 			`You receive a short text-message over the short-range inter-ship communiation channel, "The sushi overcooked! We cannot be seen near the festival or near the shipyard with this overcooked sushi!"`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`You receive a text message over the short-range inter-ship communication channel: "The sushi overcooked! We cannot be seen near the festival or near the shipyard with this overcooked sushi!"`
```
Why do they care? I thought the point was to test out the ship. Why so much fuss about sushi?

Author: The test was for the ships refrigeration/cooling systems. If the transported food becomes overcooked and burned, then the test obviously failed.

Author: And Vanessa doesn't like her colleagues from Southbound Shipyards or anybody else to see how badly the test failed. So that's why she wants to leave in silence.

			`The new destination is a floating factory on Mere.`

mission "Hauler VI cargo prototype 3"
	name "Escort Hauler prototype to factory"
	description "Escort the Hauler prototype to <destination> to deliver overcooked fish to a floating catfood factory."
	source "Zug"
	destination "Mere"
	landing
	to offer
		has "Hauler VI cargo prototype 2: done"
	npc accompany
		government "Merchant"
		personality escort timid
		ship "Hauler III" "SB-Labs Testament"
	on visit
		dialog `You land on <destination>, but the Hauler prototype didn't catch up with you yet.`
	on complete
		dialog

> 			`The Hauler prototype enters the planets atmosphere at high speed and lands way ahead of you near a catfood factory on one of the floating artifical islands.`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`The Hauler prototype enters the planets atmosphere at high speed and lands ahead of you near a catfood factory on one of the floating artificial islands.`
```

> 			`Your infrared sensors show that the ship is emitting a lot of heat, but it's not comming from the heavily used thrusters, rather from the cargo-hold.`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`Your infrared sensors show that the ship is emitting a lot of heat, but it's not coming from the thrusters, but rather from the cargo hold.`
```

Is this implying that burned sushi could emit more heat than a ship's thrusters?

Author: Not the sushi itself, but the overheating refrigeration/cooling system.

Reviewer 3: Then you need to make that clear. :-)

			`Vanessa steps out of the ship and says, "The Sushi completely burned. We should unload it at the waste processing plant at Longjump."`
			`She boards the Hauler prototype and takes off before you have time to respond. Apparently the cargo systems are not working as well as Vanessa had hoped.`

mission "Hauler VI cargo prototype 4"
	name "Escort Hauler prototype to waste plant"
	description "Escort the Hauler prototype to <destination> to deliver charred fish waste product to a waste-processing plant."
	destination "Longjump"
	landing
	to offer
		has "Hauler VI cargo prototype 3: done"
	npc accompany
		government "Merchant"
		personality escort timid
		ship "Hauler III" "SB-Labs Testament"
	on visit
		dialog `You land on <destination>, but the Hauler prototype didn't catch up with you yet.`
	on complete
		payment 140000
		dialog
			`The Hauler prototype lands somewhat uncontrolled near a waste processing plant. The cargo hold is glowing red hot and some areas in the cargo hold appear to be on fire.`

> 			`Vanessa disembarks, walks over to you, and apologizes for the difficult trip. She explains that the cooling systems failed, causing the sushi to get cooked, get overcooked and finally burning the sushi.`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`Vanessa disembarks, walks over to you, and apologizes for the difficult trip. She explains that the cooling systems failed, causing the sushi calamity you experienced during the multiple legs of your journey.`
```

				decline
	on complete
		dialog "There is no inheritance for Mr. Pappa waiting for you at the bank, but there are many other victims that paid some credits while expecting to earn a larger amount of credits in return. Some make a big fuss about it, until the alerted authorities start fining them for attempted inheritance fraud. You leave the bank in silence."

> mission "Hauler VI cargo prototype 1"

Reviewer 3: Needs a `to offer` property so you don't get it 100% of the time when you visit a neighbor system. Also upping the distance between the source and destination might make sense too. Keeping sushi fresh for one day with refrigeration isn't a very impressive feat. We can do that today. Maybe if the journey took a week, this would make more sense.

Author: Changing source to Deep (a planet with fishing villages in its description, so it makes sense to get Sushi there). The mission now only offers on this planet and the player is unlikely to land here often (the planet has no outfitter and shipyards and not many missions go here), so I didn't add other conditions on offering.

	source
		neighbor planet "Skymoot"
		not planet "Skymoot"
	destination "Skymoot"
	npc accompany
		government "Merchant"
		personality escort timid
		ship "Hauler III" "SB-Labs Testament"
	on offer
		conversation
			`A lady in a formal business suit gracefully walks to you.`
			`	"Captain <last>, Captain <last>! It is so nice to meet you here!"`
			choice
				`	"Hello, nice to meet you too."`
				`	"Sorry, I don't have time to talk. I'm really busy."`
					defer
			`She says, "My name is Vanessa Oxygenpocket and I'm part of a team that's designing the new Hauler VI transport ship series here at Southbound Shipyards."`
			choice
				`	"'Oxygenpocket' is an uncommon name."`
				`	"And what help do you need from me?"`
					goto "help request"
			`	Vanessa responds, "Well, it might sound uncommon to people from a planet with a breathable atmosphere, but it is actually similar to Vanderberg, which means 'from the mountain', or Langley, which means 'woodland'.`
			`	"Oxygenpockets were as much a feature on my home-planet as mountains and woodlands are on more habitable planets."`
			label "help request"

> 			`	Vanessa pauses for a moment and then continues, "We're testing the VI's cargo refrigeration systems using the Testament, a Hauler III. The cargo systems are really one of our biggest achievements. To show how great those systems are we will throw a formal dinner on <destination> with fresh sushi transported from here. I'm sure everyone at the dinner will be amazed at how well the cargo conditioning systems work. I need you to escort the ship and it's cargo to <destination>."`

Reviewer 3: Too many uses of the word "systems" in rapid succession. Maybe something like this (includes other suggested stylistic improvements):

```suggestion
			`	Vanessa pauses for a moment and then continues, "We're testing the VI's cargo refrigeration system using the Testament, a modified Hauler III. This system is one of our biggest achievements. To show how well it works, we plan to throw a formal dinner on <destination> with fresh sushi transported from here. I'm sure everyone at the dinner will be amazed by how well the food has been preserved despite the travel time. I'd like you to escort the ship and it's cargo to <destination>."`
```

> 			choice

Reviewer 3: This `choice` could probably use a "Sure, I'll do it" response for players who have already decided to take the job and aren't interested in the details.

Author: Adding a "Sure, I'll help you." response.

> 			`	Vanessa pauses for a moment and then continues, "We're testing the VI's cargo refrigeration system using the Testament, a modified Hauler III. This system is one of our biggest achievements. To show how well it works, we plan to throw a formal dinner on <destination> with fresh sushi transported from here. I'm sure everyone at the dinner will be amazed by how well the food has been preserved despite the travel time. I'd like you to escort the ship and it's cargo to <destination>."`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	Vanessa pauses for a moment and then continues, "We're testing the VI's cargo refrigeration system using the Testament, a modified Hauler III. This system is one of our biggest achievements. To show how well it works, we plan to throw a formal dinner on <destination> with fresh sushi transported from here. I'm sure everyone at the dinner will be amazed by how well the food has been preserved despite the travel time. I'd like you to escort the ship and its cargo to <destination>."`
```

> 				`	"Isn't it a bit risky to transport food for such an important dinner in a system that is not tested yet?"`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
				`	"Isn't it a bit risky to transport food using a refrigeration system that hasn't been tested yet?"`
```

				`	"Am I also invited for the dinner?"`
					goto invited
				`	"Why do you need me to escort the ship?"`
					goto internal

> 			`	"Risky, why? I don't see what can go wrong. The system is really well designed. I'm so proud of my team."`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`	"Risky, why? I don't see what can go wrong. The system is quite well designed. I'm so proud of my team."`
```

			choice
				`	"Am I also invited for the dinner?"`
				`	"Why do you need me to escort the ship?`
					goto internal
			label "invited"

> 			`	"I'm sorry, but you are not invited. This dinner is only for the top elite, Southbound top management and government leaders, on <destination>."`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`	"I'm sorry, but you are not invited. This dinner is only for Southbound Shipping's top-level management and <destination>'s government leaders."`
```

> 			`	"I'm sorry, but you are not invited. This dinner is only for Southbound Shipping's top-level management and <destination>'s government leaders."`

Reviewer 4: never heard of Southbound Shipping before

Author: Changing to Southbound Shipyards.

> 			`	"I'm sorry, but you are not invited. This dinner is only for Southbound Shipping's top-level management and <destination>'s government leaders."`

Reviewer 4: `Representatives of the <destination> government` might be more fitting, i'm not sure the "leaders" would attend, or even be called "leaders"

Author: Good suggestion, changed to representatives of the government.

			label "internal"

> 			`	"Normally our own department would escort such prototypes, but there is a mole in our organization and we have very strong competition from Syndicated Shipyards. You will be paid for your expenses. Will you help us?"`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`	"Normally we'd look internally to satisfy any escort needs, that's true. But we've discovered a mole in our organization and there's very strong competition from Syndicated Shipyards. Going externally is safer in this case, and you came recommended when we searched through the list of captains available on short notice. You will be paid well for your time. Will you help us?"`
```

			choice
				`	"Sure, I'll help you."`
					accept
				`	"Sorry, I don't have time to help you."`
					decline
	on visit

> 		dialog `You land on <destination>, but the Testament didn't catch up with you yet.`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
		dialog `You land on <destination>, but the Testament hasn't caught up with you yet. Better take off and wait for it to appear in this system.`
```

Or just use one of the standard "on visit" phrases.

	on complete
		dialog

> 			`You are waiting for the Testament to land, but it remains in orbit.`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`You wait for the Testament to land, but it remains in orbit.`
```

			`There is no response to your hails. You need to take off and investigate.`

mission "Hauler VI cargo prototype 2"
	name "Escort Hauler prototype to a streetfood festival."
	description "Escort the Testament to <destination> to deliver cooked fish dishes to a streetfood festival."
	source "Skymoot"
	destination "Zug"
	landing
	to offer
		has "Hauler VI cargo prototype 1: done"	
	npc accompany
		government "Merchant"
		personality escort timid
		ship "Hauler III" "SB-Labs Testament"
	on enter
		dialog

> 			`As soon as you take off you receive an angry voice message over a short-range inter-ship communications channel: "Why were you trying to contact me? Does everyone need to know that we are here?"`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`As soon as you take off, you receive an angry voice message over a short-range inter-ship communications channel: "Why were you trying to contact me? Does everyone need to know that we're here?"`
```

> 			`She adds, "The cooling failed and the sushi nearly cooked. Let's go to <destination> to deliver it as fish dishes to a streetfood festival."`

Reviewer 4: This is a bit of a quick pivot, considering that the dinner is probably planned already.
Also, we're never explicitly told who "she" is (i assume vanessa?)

Author: Adding Vanessa to the sentence. And explaining a bit more on why she is redirecting her ship to Zug.

			`The new destination is a floating factory on Mere.`

mission "Hauler VI cargo prototype 3"
	name "Escort Hauler prototype to factory"
	description "Escort the Testament to <destination> to deliver overcooked fish to a floating catfood factory."
	source "Zug"
	destination "Mere"
	landing
	to offer
		has "Hauler VI cargo prototype 2: done"
	npc accompany
		government "Merchant"
		personality escort timid
		ship "Hauler III" "SB-Labs Testament"
	on visit
		dialog `You land on <destination>, but the Testament didn't catch up with you yet.`
	on complete
		dialog
			`The Testament enters the planets atmosphere at high speed and lands ahead of you near a catfood factory on one of the floating artificial islands.`
			`Your infrared sensors show that the ship is emitting a lot of heat, but it's not coming from the thrusters, but rather from the cargo hold that appears to be seriously overheated.`
			`Vanessa steps out of the ship and says, "The Sushi completely burned. We should unload it at the waste processing plant at Longjump."`

> 			`She boards the Testament and takes off before you have time to respond. Apparently the cargo refridgeration systems are not working as well as Vanessa had hoped.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`She boards the Testament and takes off before you have time to respond. Apparently the cargo refrigeration systems are not working as well as Vanessa had hoped.`
```

mission "Hauler VI cargo prototype 4"
	name "Escort Hauler prototype to waste plant"

> 	description "Escort the Testament to <destination> to deliver charred fish waste product to a waste-processing plant."

Reviewer 4: `fish waste product` seems redundant... though just `fish waste` would be something entirely different

Author: changing to `charred food waste`

	destination "Longjump"
	landing
	to offer
		has "Hauler VI cargo prototype 3: done"
	npc accompany
		government "Merchant"
		personality escort timid
		ship "Hauler III" "SB-Labs Testament"
	on visit
		dialog `You land on <destination>, but the Testament didn't catch up with you yet.`
	on complete
		payment 140000
		dialog
			`The Testament lands somewhat uncontrolled near a waste processing plant. The cargo hold is glowing red hot and some areas in the cargo hold appear to be on fire.`
			`Vanessa disembarks, walks over to you, and apologizes for the difficult trip. She explains that the cooling systems failed, causing the sushi calamity you experienced during the multiple legs of your journey.`

> 			`You are paid <payment> and she asks you not to talk about this escort job to anybody. You leave the docks quickly in order to escape the horrible smell of overheated fish that is comming from Vanessa and her ship.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`You are paid <payment> and she asks you not to talk about this escort job to anybody. You leave the docks quickly in order to escape the horrible smell of overheated fish that is coming from Vanessa and her ship.`
```
